Document agentless Feature Flags delivery for Node.js (#38231)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/feature_flags/server/nodejs.md

<div class="alert alert-warning">Node.js 5.116.0 and 6.5.0 support agentless configuration delivery and local flag evaluation only. They do not support evaluation metrics, exposure logging, or experimentation use cases.</div>

## Getting started

For the default agentless setup, you need:

- **Datadog Node.js SDK** `dd-trace` version **5.116.0 or later on the v5 release line**, or **6.5.0 or later on the v6 release line**
- A Datadog [API key][3]
- **@openfeature/server-sdk** version ~1.20.0

## Installing and initializing

Feature Flagging is provided by Application Performance Monitoring (APM). To integrate APM into your application with feature flagging support, install `dd-trace` and initialize the Datadog OpenFeature provider. See [Tracing Node.js Applications][1] for detailed APM installation instructions.

```shell
npm install dd-trace @openfeature/server-sdk
```

If your application stays on the v5 release line, use `dd-trace@^5.116.0`. On the v6 release line, use `dd-trace@^6.5.0`.

> ### Configure Agentless delivery

Author: Addressed in [4df3f4876b2359d8a2de96b0344c555787ec8da6](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/commit/4df3f4876b2359d8a2de96b0344c555787ec8da6): Changed the heading to sentence case.

console.log(details.flagMetadata); // Additional information about the evaluation
```

> ## Advanced configuration

Reviewer: Most of this "Advanced configuration" section duplicates a lot of content and info from the new Configuration Sources page. This sets up a pattern for even more duplication on other languages' pages if they add agentless support in the future.

This section doesn't appear to have much Node.js-specific info, so I'd recommend trimming down to a shorter summary with links to the relevant sections on the Configuration Sources page, which can be our single source of truth.

### Agentless delivery settings

Datadog Feature Flags is enabled by default. You do not need to set `DD_FEATURE_FLAGS_ENABLED` unless you want to disable Feature Flags explicitly.

| Environment variable | Default | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `DD_FEATURE_FLAGS_ENABLED` | `true` | Set to `false` to disable the provider and both configuration delivery paths. |

> | `DD_SITE` | `datadoghq.com` | Datadog site used to derive the agentless endpoint. Set this when your organization uses another site. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_SITE` | {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}} | Datadog site used to derive the agentless endpoint. Set this when your organization uses another site. |
```

> | `DD_SITE` | `datadoghq.com` | Datadog site used to derive the agentless endpoint. Set this when your organization uses another site. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_SITE` | {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}} | Datadog site used to derive the agentless endpoint. Set this when your organization uses another site. |
```

console.log(details.flagMetadata); // Additional information about the evaluation
```

## Advanced configuration

### Agentless delivery settings

> Feature Flags are enabled by default. You do not need to set `DD_FEATURE_FLAGS_ENABLED` unless you want to disable Feature Flags explicitly.

Author: Addressed in [4df3f4876b2359d8a2de96b0344c555787ec8da6](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/commit/4df3f4876b2359d8a2de96b0344c555787ec8da6): Changed the product name to singular usage.

The SDK polls in the background and evaluates flags locally from the last accepted configuration. Individual evaluations do not make network requests. CDN requests contribute to server Feature Flags billing.

For power-user testing, local development, or an operator-managed proxy, you can configure a custom HTTP or HTTPS endpoint. Custom endpoints can start without `DD_API_KEY`; if a key is configured, the SDK forwards it to the endpoint. See [Use a custom agentless endpoint][7] for path and security behavior.

### Use Agent remote configuration

To retain Agent-managed delivery, configure:

```shell
DD_FEATURE_FLAGS_CONFIGURATION_SOURCE=remote_config
```

This mode requires Datadog Agent 7.55 or later with Remote Configuration enabled and the API key configured on the Agent. If Remote Configuration has been disabled on the Agent, re-enable it.

Explicitly selecting `remote_config` enables the Feature Flags Remote Configuration subscription without requiring application code to access the provider. Remote Configuration requests contribute to server Feature Flags billing.

> ### Migrate an existing remote configuration setup

Author: some duplication here, link instead to migration page?

Author: Addressed in [4df3f4876b2359d8a2de96b0344c555787ec8da6](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/commit/4df3f4876b2359d8a2de96b0344c555787ec8da6): Replaced the duplicated Node.js migration steps with a link to the canonical migration section.

[3]: /account_management/api-app-keys/#api-keys
[4]: /feature_flags/guide/server_flag_evaluation_metrics/
[5]: /feature_flags/concepts/flag_graphs/

> [6]: /feature_flags/concepts/configuration_sources/#configuration-precedence

Author: Addressed in [dd6638fbc8b52d5c66c75fc9873cc3f33aac8643](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/commit/dd6638fbc8b52d5c66c75fc9873cc3f33aac8643): removed the unused Node.js configuration-precedence reference definition.
